c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Klingon Translator.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Klingon Translator.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Klingon_Translator_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\Klingon Translator.g.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\Klingon_Translator.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\Klingon Translator.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\Klingon Translator.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\Klingon Translator.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Klingon Translator.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Klingon Translator.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\Bin\Debug\Klingon_Translator_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\Klingon Translator.g.resources
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\Klingon_Translator.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\Klingon Translator.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\Klingon Translator.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\Klingon Translator.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Klingon-Translator\Klingon Translator\Klingon Translator\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
